ITS 2024, SO I AM STARTING A NEW SERIES FOR LEARNING DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHMS.

Before I begin with this journey I have a few things decided for certain and with sanity:
1. As there is more demands for Java Developers in the market, and with Java I can build all three types of systems including Desktop applications like IntelliJ, Web Applications as well as Distributed Services. 
2. The above point is enough to use Java.
3. Why not Golang? what happend? The answer is simple, there are lesser number of openings and demand as compared to Go, plus if I evaluate my practical knowledge on go, I dont hold much of that as well. But still, I have different plans with Go in the future.
4. Why start dsa now? 18th March 2024? I believe I have already wasted alot of my time by avoiding it and not cracking it. It aint that hard. 
5. What about PHP? So for context, right now I am learning PHP development for getting job at small scale companies that dont ask any algorithimic problems, (the avoidance!), and I think I have come far with this technology and I am enjoying it. So for that I am building some projects and constantly applying for the same.
6. How am I going to manage two different things once, not a good idea! Well for the time being, I will learn dsa at a slow pace, say 2 hrs/day. And the rest I will focus on PHP job. 


Preparation strategy:
1. As I have lost hold on from Java, I will use Kunal Kushwaha's initial lectures and assignments to clear things up with syntax and Java ecosystem.
2. After finishing the above, I will use Hackerrank's Java section to get practice on basic Java questions, all of them.
3. And right after that, I will begin the actual Data Structures and algorithms course from GFG.

Scope of the above strategy:
1. For step 1, I am alloting 5 days max (this includes the initial lectures from Kunal's playlist and the assignments too).
2. For step 2, its a long list of problems, which by the way I will be doing in a timely manner, i.e. 30 min I try the problem, and another 30 to understand the better approach. 1-2 months would be enough.
3. For step 3, which is the whole course on GFG, they say it should take roughly 3 months, but I am alloting it 5 months (this includes the lectures + enlisted problems).



Detailed Plan for the course:
.............................. WILL FILL THIS AFTER COMPLETION OF STEP 2......................................